README.md, before:

👋 Hello, my name is Cameron

Computer Science Master's Student at UNC Charlotte studying AI/ML and computer graphics.

Currently I am a graduate research assistant, developing a pipeline in collaboration with developers at Honeywell using LLMs and Snowflake to interpret natural language questions into SQL. I am also a Teaching Assistant in the Design and Development of Generative AI Applications course.

My background includes experience as a previsualization artist for high profile shows and films including Ahsoka and Predator: Killer of Killers. During my undergraduate degree I took part in an Immersive Media Computing Research Experience at GSU and published research paper on motion capture technology. https://par.nsf.gov/servlets/purl/10423954 Additionally, I have experience in virtual reality development for educational experiences using Unity and C# for an NSF funded project at UNC Wilmington.

⚡ Skills: Python, C++, PyTorch, Unreal Engine, Maya, OpenGL

<!--
**CameronDetig/CameronDetig** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated roles and skills
Updated skills section and improved formatting. Added details about current roles and adjusted project descriptions.

README.md, after:

👋 Hello, my name is Cameron

Computer Science Master's Student at UNC Charlotte studying AI/ML and computer graphics. 

Currently I am a graduate research assistant, developing a pipeline in collaboration with developers at Honeywell using LLMs and Snowflake to interpret natural language questions into SQL. I am also the Head Instructional Assistant in the Design and Development of Generative AI Applications course.

My background includes experience as a previsualization artist for shows and films including *Ahsoka* and *Predator: Killer of Killers*. During my undergraduate degree I took part in an Immersive Media Computing Research Experience at GSU and published a research paper on motion capture technology. https://par.nsf.gov/servlets/purl/10423954

⚡ Skills: 

- Programming: Python, C++, SQL
- AI / ML: Large Language Models (LLMs), Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), LangChain, PyTorch, OpenAI API
- Cloud & Data: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Docker, Snowflake
- Tools & Libraries: Git, Perforce, OpenGL, CUDA
- 3D Software: Maya, Unreal Engine

<!--
**CameronDetig/CameronDetig** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
